Introduction to VRP and HGS documentation (#242)
PyVRP/PyVRP: docs/source/setup/introduction_to_vrp.rst

Reviewer: Maybe use "client", rather than "customer", since we also use client a lot in the code.

Reviewer: Would this page be better if we add a figure or something?

Author: Yeah I thought so too earlier, but removed the TODO at some point. I'll think of a figure.

Each client :math:`i \in V_c` has a demand :math:`q_{i} \ge 0`, a service time :math:`s_{i} \ge 0` and a time window :math:`\left[e_i, l_i\right]` that denotes the earliest and latest time that service can start at the client.
A vehicle is allowed to arrive at a location before the beginning of the time window, but it must wait for the window to open to start the service.
The depot has a time window :math:`\left[0, H \right]`, where :math:`H` is the latest time at which all vehicles must have returned.

A feasible solution to the VRPTW consists of a set of routes in which all clients are visited within the specified time window and all vehicles return to the depot in time.
The objective is to find a feasible solution that minimises the total travel cost.

.. hint::

   Check out :ref:`this example notebook </examples/vrptw.ipynb>` in which we solve a VRPTW instance.

Prize-collecting vehicle routing problem
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In the prize-collecting vehicle routing problem (PC-VRP), it is not mandatory to visit all clients.
Instead, the clients are divided into required clients, which must be visited, and optional clients.

> Optional clients have a prize :math:`p_i > 0` that is collected upon visiting the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional clients have a prize :math:`p_i \ge 0` that is collected upon visiting the client.
```

(I forgot to update this in my review, but it's really minor)

The vehicle routing problem (VRP) is one of the most studied problems in the field of operations research motivated by applications such as postal delivery, waste collection, and many more.
The overarching goal of the VRP is to determine a set of vehicle routes to fulfill all (or some) transportation requests at the lowest possible cost.

Motivated by the enormous potential for cost savings, creating algorithms to compute cost-efficient solutions has been a primary focus for VRP researchers.
While finding a feasible solution for a given VRP is often relatively simple, obtaining the optimal solution can be considerably more complex as most VRP variants are classified as `NP-hard <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NP-hardness>`_.
Various heuristics, metaheuristics, and exact methods have been developed to tackle the VRPs, including but not limited to, local search, genetic algorithms, and branch-and-cut algorithms.

.. note::

    PyVRP primarily implements heuristic and metaheuristic algorithms for solving vehicle routing problems (VRPs).
    As these algorithms do not guarantee optimal solutions, we rigorously :doc:`benchmark <benchmarks>` them to evaluate their effectiveness.

>     For an exact state-of-the-art solver, see, for example, `VRPSolverEasy <https://github.com/inria-UFF/VRPSolverEasy>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a state-of-the-art exact solver, see, for example, `VRPSolverEasy <https://github.com/inria-UFF/VRPSolverEasy>`_.
```

Supported VRP variants
----------------------

> In this section, we introduce the VRP variants that are supported by PyVRP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we introduce the VRP variants that PyVRP currently supports.
```

An extensive list of VRP variants can be found in `Toth and Vigo (2014) <https://doi.org/10.1137/1.9780898718515>`_.

.. note::

>     Interested in variants that are not supported yet by PyVRP? Feel free to make an issue on `GitHub <https://github.com/PyVRP/PyVRP/issues>`_!

Reviewer: I found this note somewhat distracting for an "intro to VRP" page. Maybe not mention this?

In the following, we consider a complete graph :math:`G=(V,A)`, where :math:`V` is the vertex set and :math:`A` is the arc set.
The vertex set :math:`V` is partitioned into :math:`V=\{0\} \cup V_c`, where :math:`0` represents the depot and :math:`V_c=\{1, \dots, n\}` denotes the set of :math:`n` customers.

> Each arc :math:`(i, j) \in A` has a weight :math:`c_{ij} \ge 0` that represents the travelling cost (e.g., distance) when going from :math:`i \in V` to :math:`j \in V`.

Reviewer: I use $d_{ij}$ in the `CostEvaluator`. Maybe also use that here?

A fleet of vehicles :math:`K = \{1, 2, \dots, |K| \}` is assumed to be available at the depot.

Capacitated vehicle routing problem
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The most studied variant of the vehicle routing problem is the *capacitated vehicle routing problem* (CVRP).
In this variant, each customer :math:`i \in V_c` has a demand :math:`q_{i} \ge 0`.
It is also assumed that the fleet of vehicles :math:`K` is homogeneous, meaning that they all have the same maximum capacity :math:`Q > 0`.

A feasible solution to the CVRP consists of a set of routes that all begin and end at the depot, such that each customer is visited exactly once and none of the routes exceed the vehicle capacity.
The objective is to find a feasible solution that minimises the total travelling cost.

> .. hint::
>     Check out :ref:`this example notebook </examples/cvrp.ipynb>` in which we solve a CVRP instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. hint::

   Check out :ref:`this example notebook </examples/cvrp.ipynb>` in which we solve a CVRP instance.
```

(formally, Sphinx requires a space after the directive, and the content should be indented three spaces to match the start of the directive name)

Author: OK good to know I'll change this in other places too.

Vehicle routing problem with time windows
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The vehicle routing problem with time windows (VRPTW) is a variant of the VRP that introduces timing constraints.
Each arc :math:`(i, j) \in A` has an additional parameter :math:`t_{ij}`, denoting the travel time from customer :math:`i` to :math:`j`.
Each customer :math:`i \in V_c` has a demand :math:`q_{i} \ge 0`, a service time :math:`s_{i} \ge 0` and a time window :math:`\left[e_i, l_i\right]` that denotes the earliest and latest time that service can start at the customer.
A vehicle is allowed to arrive at a customer location before the beginning of the time window, but it must wait for the window to open to start the service.
The depot has a time window :math:`\left[0, H \right]`, where :math:`H` is the latest time at which all vehicles must have returned.

A feasible solution to the VRPTW consists of a set of routes in which all customers are visited within the specified time window and all vehicles return to the depot in time.
The objective is to find a feasible solution that minimises the total travel cost.

> .. hint::
>     Check out :ref:`this example notebook </examples/vrptw.ipynb>` in which we solve a VRPTW instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. hint::

   Check out :ref:`this example notebook </examples/vrptw.ipynb>` in which we solve a VRPTW instance.
```

Prize-collecting vehicle routing problem

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> In the prize-collecting vehicle routing problem (PC-VRP), it is not mandatory to visit all customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In the prize-collecting vehicle routing problem (PC-VRP), it is not mandatory to visit all customers.
```

> Instead, the customers are divided into required customers, which must be visited, and optional customers.
> Optional customers have a prize :math:`p_i > 0` that is collected upon visiting the customer.

Reviewer: Currently required customers can also have a non-zero prize. Maybe something like?
```suggestion
Some customer visits may be required, but most are considered optional, and customers have a prize :math:`p_i > 0` that is collected when customer :math:`i` is visited.
The goal is to balance the competing goals of minimising travel costs while maximising the collected prizes.
```

A feasible PC-VRP solution comprises a set of routes in which all required customers are visited, and may include visits to optional customers.

> The objective is to find a feasible solution that maximises the total prizes collected minus the total travel costs.

Reviewer: With my suggestion above this part may be less relevant.
